[waves lapping]
[laughs] Got you!
[laughs]
Got you!
[Shirogane] Summer,
it’s the season of love.
‐ Cut it out!
‐ [laughs]
‐ If you don’t like...
‐ If you’re gonna splash
somebody, you do it like this!
Is burning a girl’s skin
the sun’s way
of making mischief?
[insects buzzing]
Is the quivering of asphalt
just a heat‐haze mirage?
Summer leads people to bare
more than just their skin.
It entices lovers
to bare their hearts,
melding their souls
with its sweltering embrace.
[narrator]
Half a month has passed,
and nothing’s happened.
but I think we’re
all used to that by now.
[insects buzzing]
[groans] I screwed up.
Like, I screwed up majorly.
[Japanese music playing]
[groans]
[Hayasaka] Was that
strange sound a sigh?
You might want
to get that checked.
I’ve heard dying animals
that sounded healthier than you.
[groans]
Status update,
looks like the president’s
at home now,
so you might see him
if you hang around
outside of his house.
That’s completely ridiculous,
Hayasaka.
As if I would ever engage
in stalkerlike behavior.
Huh?
Wait! How do you
know where he is?
Don’t tell me that you’ve been
communicating with him
behind my back!
Nope, not even close.
He posted about it on Twitter.
Twitter?!
What’s that?
Hold on.
I think I’ve heard of it.
Twit‐ter.
I’m pretty sure Fujiwara has it.
Twitter...
While you do that,
I’m gonna go take a bath.
[sighs] Not again.
Why’s she so special?
[woman vocalizing]
[Hayasaka humming]
[sighs]
‐ There.
‐ [vocalizing stops]
[Japanese music
playing on tablet]
[sighs]
Come quick!
It’s an emergency!
What’s an emergency?
The Internet broke somehow!
The disaster of the century.
Okay, so I’m trying to do
that Internet thing, Twitter,
but the letters
are all distorted.
Right. It’s called a CAPTCHA.
Should I use my bank password?
I wouldn’t.
[narrator] Computer illiteracy.
Kaguya is essentially
an old‐school analog being.
She has no use for calculators,
because she does
the math in her head.
And while most people
utilize Google,
Kaguya finds her answers
with maps or encyclopedias.
She’ll occasionally
use the Web
to check the weather
or news headlines,
but she never delves deeper
than the search engine’s
top page.
You know the old guy
who runs the candy shop
in your hometown?
Yeah, she’s about
as tech savvy as him.
Did I do it?
Yes. Congratulations.
You now have a Twitter account.
I took the liberty of printing
the account names
of the other council members.
We can check out
that secretary girl’s first.
She clearly spends
a great deal of time tweeting
and no time at all studying.
All she does is travel abroad.
This anime icon is
the treasurer. If you click‐‐
Yeah, not interested.
Play around with it long enough,
and eventually
you’ll figure it out.
Will do.
Now if you’ll excuse me,
I’m going back to my bath.
[splash]
[woman vocalizing]
This job...
it’s so exhausting sometimes.
I swear I’d quit if I couldn’t
wash my fatigue away like this.
My lady doesn’t understand.
She really
should appreciate me more.
I need you right now!
Uhh.
Lady Kaguya, could you
please give me a few‐‐
Just come!
The Twitter banned me!
I’m surprised that you even
know what being banned means.
Look. I’m blocked.
But why? Why can’t I get in?
‐ Did I do something wrong?
‐ No.
Calm down.
His account’s protected, is all.
Protected?
The Internet’s full of trolls
who will flame you
no matter what you post.
Tech‐savvy people tend to limit
who can view their accounts,
and it seems the president
is no different.
My main account’s
protected too.
In fact, you should
consider doing it...
Okay, think of your Twitter
as your house for a sec.
If you have a normal account,
the front door is wide open,
and visitors can come
and go as they please, right?
But most people don’t want
just anybody
barging into their home,
so they keep
their front doors locked,
meaning only visitors
with keys can get in.
Oh. So then where exactly
would I get a key from?
It’s simple.
All you have to do
is click this follow button.
That will send your request,
and if the president
approves it,
you’ll be able to see
what he tweets.
So long as your profile shows
you go to Shuchiin Academy,
I imagine
he’ll accept your request.
He’s nice like that.
No, I can’t do it.
There’s no way.
That’s simply
out of the question.
It’s like saying...
President, please open up!
I wanna know everything
there is to know about you!
I desperately wanna be aware of
what you’re thinking and doing
at any and
all times of the day!
You seriously
want the key that bad?
I had no idea that
my 140‐character monologues
would be of such interest
to you.
You really are quite cute.
That’s how it would go!
I think you’ve reached
a new level of stupid.
Good grief.
It’s ridiculous
what you stress over.
Are you mad at me?
No, not mad.
Just standing around wet
and half‐naked.
I’m sorry.
If it’s too hard for you, I‐‐
Agh! Hayasaka!
There’s no need.
I’ll do it when I’m
good and ready, okay?
[murmurs]
I wonder what the president
tweets about
for the world to see.
What does he do?
What kinds of things
does he like?
How is he spending
his summer vacation?
But...
I...
[murmurs]
[moans]
That’s it!
I’ll lock my front door too!
That way, the president’ll
have to ask me for a key.
Wake up and smell the delusion.
You’ve tried this plan
multiple times,
and it hasn’t worked once.
[splash]
The request
wasn’t sent after all.
She’s so stubborn, it hurts.
I’m physically
starting to feel pain.
Those two are
as hopeless as it gets.
If one of them
would just be honest,
they’d both be happy.
I envy them.
What’s it like
to love like that?
Wish I knew.
As if...
Hayasaka, come quick!
[narrator] Results
for today’s battle,
there are none.
[splash]
Let me bathe in peace.
[jet engine roars]
[giggles] Home, sweet home.
I really loved Egypt,
you guys, so much.
I wish we could have stayed
there a little bit longer.
The ta’amiya and koshary
were so good.
You care more about the food
than the place.
And if you had stayed,
I wouldn’t have joined,
because I couldn’t wait
one more second
‐ to get back home to Japan.
‐ [yawns]
‐ What? How come?
‐ [yelps]
Well, because...
[traffic honking]
My name is Saburo Odajima,
just your average
middle‐aged middle manager.
I like to frequent ramen shops.
Welcome.
Today I decided to stop by
a neighborhood venue.
The most popular item they have
is pork‐bone‐broth ramen,
but that’s not for me.
I get the unassuming bowl
at the end.
Soy sauce pork, not rich.
And the noodles?
Firm, please.
[chuckles]
That’s this shop’s
optimum combination.
He can tell I’m in the know
just from my order.
‐ Welcome.
‐ [squeals]
It smells great!
[mocking]
Isn’t she just precious?
I bet she thought
this was a cake shop
and wandered in by mistake.
What you want, kid?
How about...
soy sauce pork,
but not too rich.
[gasps] Preposterous!
How did she manage to calculate
the optimum combination
like it was
completely obvious?!
Is it a coincidence?
No! It’s much too late,
and she’s much too young
to be randomly dropping in
to a place like this.
There’s always the possibility
that she’s one of my people.
What about the noodles?
Um...
extra firm!
What?!
Extra firm?!
I thought she was different,
but she’s just following
common fads after all.
She actually had me going
for a second there, though.
[chuckles]
I overestimated her.
Enjoy.
Well, I hope she’s watching,
because I’m about to teach
this little wannabe
the real way to eat ramen.
First, you note the scent
of the soup itself.
[sniffs]
The idea is to appreciate
each scent in turn,
starting from the fragrant
red pickled ginger.
And of course the owner
is 100% aware of that fact,
which is why
he placed the ginger
farthest away from me, and I’m
positively delighted by it!
Next, the taste.
Letting the air mix in well,
you slurp.
One must always experience
the smell before the flavor.
That much is certain.
[humming a tune]
And then the noodles.
I bite off a small amount
as if to test it
and relish the feeling
of it sliding down.
‐ Careful. Hot.
‐ [laughs]
Thank you!
‐ Finally the chaser.
‐ [laughing]
In order to enjoy
the delicate flavors,
I drink water to wash away
the soy and salt on my tongue,
resetting my palate.
And a little H20
goes a long way.
Thus the ritual is complete.
Repeating this set
over and over
is what’s known
as the water cycle.
I wonder if she’s
familiar with it.
[stammers] A mini ramen?!
Oh, she really is
just an ordinary girl.
Mmm, mmm!
Ahh...
Mmmm!
She seems happy enough
about it, though.
And quite frankly, I can’t
look down on her too much.
Transforming each spoonful
into a miniature version
of the whole bowl
is the ultimate form
of the one‐is‐all philosophy.
But by taking
small bites like that,
the noodles will stretch out
and swell up‐‐
[gasps] Could it be?!
[Fujiwara] Extra firm!
Did she order it
that way on purpose?
Was she anticipating
how the noodles
would stretch out as she went?
Slurp, slurp, slurp.
Even the spoon she’s using
is perfect for mini ramen!
If she really
calculated all this,
she might be on par with
Tokyo’s four ramen kings‐‐
Jinbocho’s Mama Mashimashi,
the Hermit of Sugamo,
even J. Suzuki of Koenji.
I can’t believe she has
the same sense
of situational assessment
as the monsters
of the ramen world.
[gong chimes]
[chef] She’s not done yet.
That’s true. She’s not.
And unfortunately there
is one lone ingredient
barring her path to victory,
which is...
‐ garlic.
‐ [chef] Garlic.
[Odajima] Any ramen connoisseur
worth his or her noodles
can endure
that overpowering scent.
[both] If she can’t,
she’s a fake.
Mmm, mmm.
[sighs]
Huh?
[Odajima] Looks like she
finished eating the vegetables.
It’s a shame, but no more
mini ramens for you, my dear.
[chef] What now?
She going for it?
[Odajima] She’s going for it.
There she goes!
The heavy smell of garlic
is wafting right into her face!
I have no choice
but to accept her.
She’s earned my respect
and is most definitely
my people...
a ramen connoisseur.
[shudders]
[bowl thumps]
Don’t tell me...
[chef] Even the broth?
Too much salt! Too much garlic!
It’s just
too, too, too, too much!
‐ [crazed laughter]
‐ [groans]
But there was
a time in my life
where I did
the exact same thing.
Thanks for the meal!
When did I become
such an old man?
You go, girl!
Run with the same
youthful radiance
that used to be mine!
[young Odajima]
I’m so young and starving!
[groans]
Keep running!
[gasps]
[sighs]
[bowl clatters]
Thanks a lot, mister!
‐ [laughs]
‐ [Odajima] Boom!
‐ Young lady...
‐ Huh?
Huh?
Eh?
[narrator] Results for
today’s ramen battle,
Fujiwara wins.
[click]
My ramen switch is activated!
[insects buzzing]
[narrator]
Three weeks have passed
since the start
of summer vacation,
and yet nothing
of note has happened.
This is how Shirogane
has spent that time.
The only things I do are eat,
study, bathe, and work.
What a joke.
This break’s been
boring as hell.
[narrator] The only plan
he and Kaguya made
to see each other
is at the festival they
talked about last episode.
If you thought
they’d be hanging out
and texting by now, you haven’t
been paying attention.
They can’t even
bring themselves
to follow each other
on social media.
They’re not gonna cave
and suggest meeting up IRL.
It wasn’t supposed
to be like this.
[groans]
Shinomiya, I wonder
what you’re doing right now.
It wasn’t supposed
to be like this.
Yet here we are.
[Hayasaka] You know
the reason, though, right?
[Shinomiya sighs]
Your plans
always revolve around
the president being
the one to initiate.
And we know
how unlikely that is.
Why are you so brazenly reading
through your lady’s
personal, private notebook
without her permission?
I don’t see why you can’t
invite him to go do something.
Now you’re
just being ridiculous.
I would only invite him
to do something
if I wanted
to do something with him!
I can’t help but feel that you
do want that, Lady Kaguya.
Shi.. no...
mi... ya...
what are you up to?
[sighs]
That’s enough!
Stop writing and deleting texts
like a heartsick schoolgirl!
Agh! This your first love?
[narrator] It kinda is, bud.
That’s it! I’m done!
I’m through!
[chuckles]
[sighs]
You’re not gonna
get anything new,
so stop checking.
Ugh. You still
have that message?
It must have made you
really happy.
He texted you first, after all.
And we both know how much
you want him to be the one
who makes a move.
But you can’t stop
thinking about it.
Leave me alone!
Nothing you said was
even remotely true,
so stop trying to psychoanalyze
my heart, will you?
I’m going out.
[wheels squeak]
Just where do you
think you’re going?
Grocery shopping for dinner.
Just like that?
Well, I may stop
at school on the way.
School’s not on the way
to the store.
[insects buzzing]
[panting]
This might be one
of the most pointless things
I’ve ever done.
But if there’s
even the slightest chance...
then...
[wheels rattle]
[sighs]
[wheels clicking]
Nice and cool.
[overlapping chatter]
[brakes squeal]
I wanna see you.
[panting]
[door opens]
[sighs] She’s not here.
’Course she’s not.
[overlapping chatter]
[sighs]
[both] I wish summer break...
would just hurry up and end.
[Japanese music playing]
[Shinomiya] I don’t have
any fond summertime memories.
[laughter]
Well, how do I look?
[Shinomiya] But that’s okay.
I’ve never gone
on a family vacation,
but it’s fine,
because I’m treated like
I’m special wherever I am.
I’ve never been to a festival
with fireworks before.
But I don’t mind,
because no matter
how far away they are,
the lights I see from my window
are still beautiful to me.
I’ve never gone shopping
with a group of friends,
not once.
Let’s try this one.
So I’m both excited
and nervous.
But it’ll be okay,
because the girls I’m
going with are good people.
They’re all very kind.
[door opens]
Everything’ll be fine,
because I’m used to it.
I can’t do the things I want,
but I’ve learned
to accept that.
"I was unexpectedly
summoned by my father
and have to go
to our estate in Kyoto.
I really am sorry
I couldn’t make it,
but I hope you have
a good time anyway."
Should we still go?
Hmm?
I’d say...
we’ll take a rain check!
The four of us going together
was kinda the whole point.
I agree. Well said.
So I’ll call Kei
and let her know what’s up.
[phone line ringing]
[Shinomiya] When it
comes down to it,
I’ve been very fortunate.
I have friends
and a distinguished family
that anybody would envy.
I’m blessed with a resourceful
mind that won’t quit.
But with the sweets
comes the sours.
Happiness and sadness
are meant to be balanced.
With so many good things
going for me, it’s only natural
that I endure some
less than pleasant things too.
[gasps]
Wait. Father.
[Mr. Shinomiya]
Oh, you’re here now.
Good.
[sighs]
He summoned you all the way here
just for that.
Screw him. [scoffs]
I can’t recall a single time
my father has ever
said, "Good night," to me.
I don’t remember him
saying things like,
"Take care," "Good job,"
or "I love you," either.
But it doesn’t hurt me...
because it’s always
been this way.
The only thing I feel
is numb at this point,
and that’s okay.
All anyone expects from me
is that I behave appropriately
for someone of my standing
in society.
[crowd murmuring]
I’m like a fragile package
they’re doing their best
not to break.
And inside that package
is a creepy porcelain doll.
[chuckles]
But I don’t mind.
Because I’m going to
a fireworks festival tomorrow.
[wind blowing]